As a site member, I want to describe myself on my own page in a semi-structured way.
As a site member, I want to fill out an application to become a Certified Scrum Practitioner.
As a Practitioner, I want to include additional details about me in my profile page.
As a site member, I want to fill out an application to become a Certified Scrum Trainer.
As a Trainer, I want to include additional details in my profile page about me.
As a Practitioner, I want to write an article for the site with a small graphic shown with the article showing my CSP or CST status, so that others know my certifications when reading.
As a trainer, I want to list my upcoming classes in my profile and include a link to a detailed page about each, so that prospective attendees can find my courses.
As a site member, I want to view the profiles of other members.
As a site member, I want to search for profiles based on a few fields.
As a site member, I want to mark my profile as private in which case only my name will appear.
As a site member, I want to mark my email address as private even if the rest of my profile is not.
As a site member, I want to send an email to any member via a form.
As a site administrator, I want to read practicing and training applications and approve or reject them, so that only applicants who qualify can become CSPs or CSTs.
As a site administrator, I want to edit any site member profile.
As a site visitor, I want to read current news on the home page.
As a site visitor, I want to access old news that is no longer on the home page.
As a site visitor, I want to email news items to the editor.
As a site editor, I want to set the following dates on a news item: Start Publishing Date, Old News Date, Stop Publishing Date, so that articles are published on and through appropriate dates.
As a site member, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of news.
As a site editor, I want to assign priority numbers to news items.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Certification Courses and can page through them if there are a lot, so that I can choose the best course for me.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Other Courses and can page through them if necessary, so that I can choose the best course for me.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of all upcoming Events.
As a trainer, I want to create a new course or event, so that site visitors can see it.
As a trainer, I want to create an Other Course or Event I am charged a listing fee for that activity, so that I don't list events I don't really intend to hold.
As a site administrator, I want to create an Other Course or Event that is not charged a listing fee, so that the Scrum Alliance doesn't charge itself for Scrum Gatherings that it puts on.
As a site administrator, I want to set the listing fee per Other Course or Event, so that we have flexibility on what to charge in the future.
As a trainer, I want to update one of my existing courses or events, so that it reflects accurate information.
As a trainer, I want to delete one of my courses or events, so that it's no longer listed if I cancel for some reason.
As a trainer, I want to copy one of my courses or events, so that I can create a new one.
As a site admin, I want to delete any course or event, so that I can remove things that will no longer occur.
As a site editor, I want to update any course or event, so that I can fix things the original author hasn't.
As a trainer, I want to turn a course into an event or an event into a course, so that I can correctly classify anything that was entered incorrectly.
As a site visitor, I want to have an advanced search option that lets me fill in a form of search criteria.
As a site visitor, I want to view a course I can click on the trainer's name and be taken to the trainer's profile, so that I can read more about a trainer before registering for a course.
As a site visitor, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of upcoming courses.
As a site visitor, I want to read FAQs.
As a site editor, I want to maintain a FAQ section.
As a site visitor, I want to do a full-text search of the FAQs.
As a site member, I want to download the latest training material and methodology PDFs, so that I have them.
As a visitor, I want to download presentations.
As a site member, I want to scroll through a listing of jobs.
As a recruiter, I want to post a help wanted ad.
As a site admin, I want to approve each help wanted ad before it gets to the site.
As a site admin, I want to be emailed whenever a job is submitted.
As a site member, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of jobs available.
As a site admin, I want to edit and delete help wanted ads, so that I can correct small problems or make sure each ad complies with site guidelines.
As a site admin, I want to stop publishing jobs on the site 30 days after being posted.
As an advertiser, I want to be emailed a reminder seven day before an ad is about to expire.
As a site visitor, I want to read a new article on the front page about once a week.
As the site editor, I want to include a teaser with each article.
As a site member who has read a teaser on the front page, I want to read the entire article, so that I can finish articles that appeal to me.
As the site editor, I want to add an article to the site.
As a site editor, I want to set start publishing dates.
As a site editor, I want to be able to designate whether or not an event makes the home page.
As the site editor, I want to have pretty good control over how the article.
As a site visitor, I want to click the link from the article teaser to take me directly to the body of the article.
As a site editor, I want to be able to indicate whether an article is publicly available or for members only.
As a site visitor, I want to be able to read some of your articles.
As a site member, I want to have full access to all articles.
As a site visitor, I want to do a full-text search of article body, title, and author name, so that I can find what I want.
As a site visitor, I want to subscribe to an RSS feed of articles.
As a site visitor, I want to post comments about articles.
As a site editor, I want to have a prominent area on the home page where I can put special announcements not necessarily news or articles, so that I can give them additional exposure.
As a site editor, I want to have some flexibility as to where things appear.
As a trainer, I want to see the upcoming courses are what I want visitors to notice.
As a site visitor, I want to see new content when I come to the site.
As a site visitor, I want to have articles that interest me and are easy to get to, so that I come to the site for my agile news and learning.
As a site visitor, I want to know as soon as I visit what on earth Scrum is and why it needs an alliance, so that I don't bounce immediately oﬀ the page.
As a site visitor, I want to know as I glance around the home page what on earth a CSM is and why I'd want to be one, so that I read more.
As a site visitor, I want to be able to get back to the home page quickly and easily, so that I don't get lost navigating.
As a site visitor, I want to see a list of the most popular items on the site.
As a trainer, I want to be assured that no one can submit the same answers multiple time and skew my results, so that my ratings are accurate.
As a trainer, I want to be notified about the results of surveys about my classes.
As a site admin, I want to see the results for each trainer and averages for the class, so that I can identify any outliers or possible problems.
As a site visitor, I want to see a trainer's rating.
As a trainer, I want to show my rating up on my profile page.
As a site visitor, I want to view a section of the website that teaches me the basics of what Scrum is.
As a site editor, I want to create the content of the What Is Scrum section.
As a site visitor, I want to view lists on the site of all Certified Scrum Masters.
I want to have my name listed in the registry without becoming a member of the site, so that employers or others can verify my certification.
I want to load an Excel file into the site, so that the course participants are added to the Scrum Alliance records.
I want to view all classes in a pending state, so that I can approve any that need to be approved.
I want to move people in a trainer's class from a pending state to the registry once I have received proof of payment from the trainer.
As a CSM, I want to be sent an email welcoming me to the Scrum Alliance and with instructions to register or activate my membership once my name has been loaded to the registry.
I want to join the Scrum Alliance by paying a corporate membership fee, so that I can show the company's support of Scrum.
I want to display my logo on a corporate sponsors page, so that others see the company's support of Scrum.
I want to make my logo randomly appear on the home page, so that others see the company's support of Scrum.
I want to be charged a fee once I am approved for Practitioner status, so that my certification status can be activated.
I want to pay an annual fee, so that my CST status is active.
I want to set the annual fees for members, so that fees can be set without involving a programmer.
As a member, I want to receive a reminder and a link, so that I can renew my membership.
I want to have the system email me a new password or a password reminder, so that I could access my account after forgetting a password.
I want to read information of relevance only to trainers, so that the Scrum Alliance can share information with me easily.
I want to post information in a trainers-only section, so that only trainers see it.