As a moderator, I want to create a new game by entering a name and an optional description.
As a moderator, I want to invite estimators by giving them a URL where they can access the game.
As a moderator, I want to start a round by entering an item in a single multi-line text field.
As a moderator, I want to see all items we try to estimate this session.
As a moderator, I want to select an item to be estimated or re-estimated.
As a moderator, I want to add an item to the list of items to be estimated.
As a moderator, I want to edit an item in the list of items to be estimated.
As a moderator, I want to delete an item from the list of items to be estimated.
As a moderator, I want to show all estimates immediately.
As a moderator, I want to accept the average of all estimates.
As a moderator, I want to have the "estimate" field filled in automatically if all estimators show the same card.
As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate.
As a moderator, I want to estimate a story we estimated earlier in the session again.
As a moderator, I want to import stories from a spreadsheet.
As a moderator, I want to copy/paste stories from a spreadsheet, so that I can get started more quickly.
As a moderator, I want to browse through previous games.
As a moderator, I want to view a transcript of a game.
As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a HTML file.
As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file.
As a moderator, I want to delete a game.
As a moderator, I want to create an account for the application by entering my name, email address, a password and a username, so that I can start using the application.
As a moderator, I want to log in using my account name and password.
As a moderator, I want to change my account details.
As a moderator, I want to delete my account.
As a moderator, I want to see dates and times in my local timezone, so that I don't have to do timezone conversion myself.
As a moderator, I want to get a password reminder by email.
As a moderator, I want to invite up to 15 estimators.
As an estimator, I want to join a game by entering my name on the page I received the URL for.
As an estimator, I want to see the item we’re estimating.
As an estimator, I want to see all items we will try to estimate this session.
As a participant, I want to immediately see that an estimate has been given by a specific estimator.
As a participant, I want to be shown all estimates at the same time after all estimators have given their estimate.
As a participant, I want to be able to change my estimate up until the last person selects a card and all are shown.
As a participant, I want to be able to see each estimator's prior estimates for the story being estimated.
As a participant, I want to see who gave what estimates during the current round.
As a participant, I want to be able start a two-minute countdown timer that all participants can see.
As a participant, I want to have the two-minute timer reset itself as soon as we all play an estimate.
As a participant, I want to scroll back through the stories and estimates from prior rounds.
As a participant, I want to always have the cards in the same order across multiple draws.
As a participant, I want to change my estimate as long as the draw has not been completed.
As a participant, I want to have a small thumbnail photo displayed near where my cards are played.
As a developer, I want to have written a site which is compliant with XHTML and CSS standards, so that as many people as possible can access the site and view it as intended.
As a developer, I want to have a list of definitions for commonly used terms.
As a developer, I want to have created database indexes.
As a developer, I want to have the application function correctly in Internet Explorer 6 and 7, Firefox 1.5 and 2, and Safari 2, so that as many people as possible can fully use the application.
As a developer, I want to have the site comply with the W3C accessibility guidelines where possible.
As a user, I want to have the application respond quickly to my actions.
As a user, I want to be able to use Unicode.
As a user, I want to see sensible and predictable URLs, so that the application feels logical and transparent.
As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong.
As a Researcher, I want results to be stored in a non-identifiable way.
As a Mike, I want to be able to see some metrics on use of the game.